WAF: New UI (#3816)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/fundamentals/data-products/accessing-cf-data/index.md

    - DNS - DNS Queries by Response Code, Record Type, and Cloudflare Data Center
    - Workers - Workers per zone, Workers KV per account
  - In-product - The analytics available within each product on the dash, like the Events summary, Events by service, and Top events by source data in Firewall. Data available in-product includes:
    - Firewall Events, [Bot Analytics](/bots/bot-analytics/) within the **Security** application
    - Browser Insights within the **Speed** application
    - Cache Performance within the **Caching** application
    - Load Balancing Analytics and Health Check Analytics within the **Traffic** application
- Account Analytics - Sum of traffic to all your sites
- Network Analytics - Analytics that provide visibility into network and transport-layer traffic patterns and DDoS attacks. Only available for customers on an Enterprise plan who use [Spectrum](/spectrum/), [Magic Transit](/magic-transit/), or [Bring Your Own IP (BYOIP)](/byoip/).

> - [Web Analytics](/analytics/web-analytics/) - Privacy-first analytics for your website that doesn't require changing your DNS or using Cloudflare’s proxy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Web Analytics](/analytics/web-analytics/) - Privacy-first analytics for your website that does not require changing your DNS or using Cloudflare’s proxy
```
